Higashimo Road bike is love It is funny to kill time
Since there was an app, I would like to introduce
Here
It looks like this
Rises and I wow I'm very handed the man if newspaper the Charinkoya
I found this app for a moment
Well, it looks like it's a little interesting, so it's a little introduction
It's a free race game but it's surprisingly interesting and addicting
Within the time limit you will pass Check Point and Post
Also I'd something to aim the ball while handed out high-newspaper
a
This is a little bit
If you look at it for the first time
It is here much less the beginning in such a feeling
It is a there there is a button called left right
Well thus speed by pressing in that alternately will continue to steadily up
I 'm going forward while avoiding cool obstacles from the front, but I also wonder if this is surprisingly difficult
That's right
I will avoid taking the obstacles of the ward from a long time ago, but if I fail I will become a skeleton like this
Cha
If this progresses pounding ride to tone it is and it is quite difficult
Well, as referred to in Tsu become the game is over become Well skeleton collides with the obstacle
Well then
It's a simple racing game but surprisingly this is
Today a little Nde What fucking become a little addicted in the form Tteyuu be here doing actually
I would like to
I will challenge the entrance manager manager
Like this
At first we will accelerate
Good early
Touch the post with this hose alternately right and left
It is a good feeling this
I passed California now
Large arm on a pretty light post
Awesome
The better feeling is that the preparation manager has passed
Pretty good bar
I hit the obstacle when I was speeding up like this for a moment
Let's become a skeleton
Yes it 's a game here but it's quite difficult
I can not do the Tenchi well Well here are some of the special guests
Hey this game
I think that I want to challenge
It's been a long time since I missed it.
Are games I ejaculation
Well then I would like to have a little more challenge
I will challenge the game from now
I will do my best
Right left left
It's late, it 's late and it 's late.
I 'll play with this
The
It's been a little bit faster now I can't go a little
Touch host
Through California
This is exactly where
Well
Oh
I used it
When it hits
I will become a monster and I will do it once more
Cutter with Te also this amazing hard ah ah of want
The third time I am honest I will go
Create a Post
If this is late
I wonder if there is no Toka bad Toka origin
I do the number of times the post comes out for a while and distribute the tea ring erotic man newspaper
I challenged to have a masterpiece
The game is over
I do not know where the goal is
Please let us know if you reach the goal by all means
I will not hesitate
I would like to practice for a while until I reach the goal
It turned in the direction on the train and it will be a fairly serious face it is it'll become to this stripping
And I'll might be seen in the strange eyes from the previous person is please with the feeling that creeps into it
Is also ah